
In boxed EZ80Ps, the rightmost red button at the back is connected to FPGA
pin 2 and GND, this is used for the NMI / freezer input under PROSE.

V1.1 EZ80P:

The red button at the back on the left is the reset button (see following details).
The red button on the front is a soft-power switch.

V1.3 EZ80P:

The red button at the front is the reset button.
The black latching button at the back is the power button.

On all systems there is an onboard reset button (and power button on the v1.1)


Reset button
------------

During normal operation (green LED on steady) pressing this button simply resets
the EZ80 CPU (note: this does not cause the FPGA to reconfigure).

If the reset button is held whilst the power is switched on, the system enters
JTAG config mode (green LED flashes rapidly). A .bit file can be downloaded
at this time (using a JTAG cable, and typically the Xilinx Impact software).
When the config file is sucessfully received the CPU is reset and the system starts.

(Note: In actual fact, the FPGA's JTAG port is always active so a config file can
be sent at any time, however the eZ80 CPU will not be automatically reset unless
the method above is used.)

Addtionally, When the green LED is flashing rapidly (JTAG mode) the boot slot can be
manually set: Once in this mode, press and release the reset button again and
the system will enter slot selection mode.  The red LED now flashes in groups
of pulses, indicating  the slot which is to be made active. Press and release the
reset button following the LED-flash group of the desired slot - that slot
will be made active and the system will reconfigure from it.


Other LED activity
------------------

If the green LED flashes slowly on power up (about once per second) it means the
FPGA did not accept the config file sent from the EEPROM. It will be necessary
to change the active slot to one containing a valid config file. (JTAG mode
can be entered by pressing the reset button at this point, the system doesn't need
to be powered off).


When the status LED is red with yellow pulses: system is Writing to EEPROM. 
